#LaserPulse

[LaserPulse](http://albeco.github.io/LaserPulse) is a class for storing and handling laser pulses.
Pulses can be defined in either time or frequency domain.
Both domains are automatically kept synchronized.

#####Functionalities:
 * **Automatic Fourier Transform:**
   When a pulse is modified in time domain the spectral field is
   automatically updated using fft, and vice versa.
 * **Physical Quantities:**
   Pulse duration, bandwidth, central frequency, and other properties 
   of the pulse are automatically calculated.
 * **Mathematical Operators:**
   The LaserPulse class supports arithmetic operations, convolutions
   and calculation of higher harmonics. By default the operators are
   applied in time domain, so for instance p1*p2 is a multiplication
   in time domain and a convolution in frequency domain. See the
   example files for more information.
 * **Propagation through media:**
   The effect of propagation through a transparent medium is supported
   via a 'medium' property and a 'propagate' method.
 * **Pulse Trains:**
   A LaserPulse object can contain multiple sub-pulses. Pulse
   parameters, like central frequency and bandwidth, are calculated
   from the average pulse intensity, as they would be measured using a
   slow detector. This functionality can be useful for simulating
   pulse trains generated by high repetition rate laser sources, for
   which the individual pulses often cannot be measured individually.
   * **Nonlinear optics:**
   The LaserPulse class makes it easy to simulate most populare pulse
   shaping and pulse compression techniques. The example files shows
   how to quickly simulate MIIPS, FROG, chirp scan and dispersion
   scan.
   

#####Requirements:
   The LaserPulse class is tested on Matlab R2015a.

#####Installation:
 * Automatic Installation:
   From matlab: go to the folder where the LaserPulse is located (for
   example 'cd LaserPulseClass') and run the installer script
   'install_LaserPulse.m'.
 * Manual Installation:
   For installing the **LaserPulse** class, just include its parent
   folder in the matlab search path or, alternatively, copy the
   '@LaserPulse' folder in a folder which is in the matlab search
   path.  For using the additional utilities and example files, also
   add the 'utilities' and 'examples' folders to the matlab search
   path.  If the folder with the LaserPulse manual is not present,
   generate it using the matlab 'publish' function. See
   'install_LaserPulse.m' for an example.




<<<<<<< HEAD
=======

>>>>>>> develop
Copyright (C) 2015-2016 Alberto Comin, LMU Muenchen.
